README.md, before:

# Neural Architecture Search with Controller RNN

Basic implementation of Controller RNN from [Neural Architecture Search with Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.01578) and [Learning Transferable Architectures for Scalable Image Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.07012).

- Uses Keras to define and train children / generated networks, which are defined in Tensorflow by the Controller RNN.
- Define a state space by using `StateSpace`, a manager which adds states and handles communication between the Controller RNN and the user.
- `Controller` manages the training and evaluation of the Controller RNN
- `NetworkManager` handles the training and reward computation of a Keras model

# Usage
At a high level : For full training details, please see `train.py`.
```python
# construct a state space
state_space = StateSpace()

# add states
state_space.add_state(name='kernel', values=[1, 3])
state_space.add_state(name='filters', values=[16, 32, 64])

# create the managers
controller = Controller(tf_session, num_layers, state_space)
manager = NetworkManager(dataset, epochs=max_epochs, batchsize=batchsize)

# For number of trials
  sample_state = ...
  actions = controller.get_actions(sample_state)
  reward = manager.get_reward(actions)
  controller.train()
```

# Implementation details
This is a very limited project.
- **Note**: The controller eventually overfits to produce a single model always (generally a high performance model, but not always the highest). It seems there os a requirement to have a pool of controllers to avoid this overfitting, which would need distributed training. However, since the exploration rate is so high, there is a large set of very good models that are generated during the training process, and the controller yields a pretty strong model as well.
- It doesnt have support for skip connections via 'anchor points' etc. (though it may not be that hard to implement it as a special state)
- A lot of the details of the Controller were found in slides etc and not in the paper so I had to take many liberties when re-implementing it.
- Learning rate, regularization strength, discount factor, exploration, beta value for EWA accuracy, clipping range etc are all random values (which make somewhat sense to me)
- Single GPU model only. There would need to be a **lot** of modifications to this for multi GPU training (and I have just 1)

Implementation details were found from:
- http://rll.berkeley.edu/deeprlcoursesp17/docs/quoc_barret.pdf

# Result
I tried a toy CNN model with 4 CNN layers with different filter sizes (16, 32, 64) and kernel sizes (1, 3) to maximise score in 10 epochs of training on CIFAR-10.

After 50 steps, it converges to the "state space" of (3x3, 64)-(3x3, 64)-(3x3, 32)-(3x3, 64). Interestingly, this model performs very slightly better than a 4 x (3x3, 64) model, at least in the first 10 epochs.

<img src="https://github.com/titu1994/neural-architecture-search/blob/master/images/training_losses.PNG?raw=true" height=100% width=100%>

# Requirements
- Keras >= 1.2.1
- Tensorflow-gpu >= 1.2

# Acknowledgements
Code heavily inspired by [wallarm/nascell-automl](https://github.com/wallarm/nascell-automl)

Commit message:

presenation added in to docs

README.md, after:

# Neural Architecture Search with Controller RNN

Basic implementation of Controller RNN from [Neural Architecture Search with Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.01578) and [Learning Transferable Architectures for Scalable Image Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.07012).

- Uses Keras to define and train children / generated networks, which are defined in Tensorflow by the Controller RNN.
- Define a state space by using `StateSpace`, a manager which adds states and handles communication between the Controller RNN and the user.
- `Controller` manages the training and evaluation of the Controller RNN
- `NetworkManager` handles the training and reward computation of a Keras model

# Usage
At a high level : For full training details, please see `train.py`.

<img src="https://github.com/n1tesla/DeepAutoTraining/blob/main/images/start_training.png?raw=true" height=100% width=100%>

- Choose how deep are you going to search for hyperparameters: `Quick`, `Mid`, `Deep`
- Choose which problem are you going to solve it: `ANOMALY`, `REGRESSION`, `FORECASTING`, `CLASSIFICATION`
- Choose which models are you going to use for the problem: `LSTM_NAS`, `FCN`
- Type what you want to observe during training. Ex: Different features, window_size, scaler, hyperparameter etc. This observation name is going to be added to end of the network name and the folder will be created as `NetworkName_ObservationName` under `saved_models`.
- After the fine-tuning(training) finished, the best models are going to save with this pattern: `WindowSize_StrideSize_ScalerType_ValRatio`


```python
# construct a state space
state_space = StateSpace()

# add states
state_space.add_state(name='kernel', values=[1, 3])
state_space.add_state(name='filters', values=[16, 32, 64])

# create the managers
controller = Controller(tf_session, num_layers, state_space)
manager = NetworkManager(dataset, epochs=max_epochs, batchsize=batchsize)

# For number of trials
sample_state = ...
actions = controller.get_actions(sample_state)
reward = manager.get_reward(actions)
controller.train_nas_()
```

# Implementation details
This is a very limited project with this version but it will develop very soon. 


# Problem with Evaluation Part
After training is completed I am getting a error in the below:

    raise TypeError(f'Argument `fetch` = {fetch} has invalid type '
`TypeError: Argument fetch = None has invalid type "NoneType". Cannot be None`

**Note**: I will try to fix the error as soon as possible. 

# Requirements
- Keras >= 1.2.1
- Tensorflow-gpu >= 1.2
